Good morning family. Today I want to talk about being at the right place in the right time. And to get us there I want to talk about Acts chapter 1 verse 11. But before we get to that verse, let's
Let's get a little bit of context. So just before Jesus was going to ascend up into heaven, he promised his disciples with what? The Holy Spirit, right?
In verse 5 it says, "John baptized with the water, but in just a few days you will be baptized with the Holy Spirit." In verse 8 it says, "But you are receiving
power when the Holy Spirit comes upon you and you will be my witnesses telling people about me everywhere in Jerusalem throughout Judea and Samaria and to the end
the ends of the earth. And it was right after that that he ascended up into heaven, right? He ascended up into the clouds, right? And all the disciples were watching him going, so that gets us.
It says to verse 10, verse 1
We've talked about the promise and we've talked about the ascension, right? So now let's get into verse 10. As they strained to see him rising into heaven, two white-robed men suddenly stood among them.
London.
And this is verse 11.
Name of Galilee, they said.
Why are you standing here staring into heaven?
Jesus has been taken from you into heaven, but someday he will return from heaven in the same way you saw him go.
So right now you might be asking well what does it have to do with being in the right place at the right time
And watching Jesus ascend into heaven.
So what? Well, I'm glad you asked their tone.
And I want to answer your question with a question.
What does it mean to wait? Question mark. What does it mean to wait?
The dictionary's definition on "wait" is to stay, where one is, or delay action until a particular time or until something else happens.
Have you ever waited for something?
How long did you wait for it? Two thousand years. Were you anxious about it?
Were you happy about it? Were you nervous?
What kind of thing were you waiting for? Was it like a test grade?
Was it a new TikTok upload? Was it an Amazon package? How about a new YouTube video to download?
You know, maybe you can wait and, you know, to come of age to date a girl or date a guy. Yeah.
Or you're waiting for that text message from that special person, or that they would give you confirmation whether they liked you or not enough.
And, you know, you know
We wait for a lot of things. And sometimes, you know, the things that we wait for, we're
are great and sometimes they're not so great. And when I say great, I mean whether it's going to benefit us or deficit us. I know a big thing that a lot of us are waiting for.
for an expectation is this coronavirus to alleviate. I know a lot of us are social people and we want interaction, right? We want this whole thing to
to alleviate right it's changed our whole being right we can't go outside no more we can't hang around friends we can't go inside and get just lonely because I love me some
I'll leave me some Chipotle where things have changed, right? But what does that mean for us in Acts chapter 1 verse 11? Well, if we look back before verse 11,
Or verse 11, we can see that Jesus gave us a promise, right? And the promise was that, look, when I ascend in the heavens, when I leave you, I'm going to give you the same spirit that...
That lives in me so that you can go out and witness to the places that I was witnessing to and to the ends of the earth. So long as God's promise is
He also gave us a mission, and that mission was to go out and be a witness. Go out and be a witness to these people who weren't necessarily believers or questioned.
questioning their faith, right? And in the meantime, he wanted us to be patient and wait for him. So that leads me to ask him, you guys to say this, be patient and
In your situation be patient in your situation
sometimes we get so caught up in expectation that we end up making irrational decisions that lead us down a path that God didn't design this for.
You see the situation like God was trying to put us in was in a position to be with the Holy Spirit going out and witnessing, right? But sometimes we get confused and
We stand in the order to fulfill our own personal wants and desires and get caught up in our own expectations, right? Because we're not patient enough, right?
So that's why I say right place.
Right time
Again
Right place
Right time.
You see two key things I want you to remember from this verse, right? He left physically, Jesus left physically, and he's going to return physically, right?
Right. Another thing is he left in front of his disciples and will return in front of his disciples. Right. And it's because of it that we need to remain patient in our
in our situation because God's going to fulfill our expectation.
Because we're going to be in the right place at the right time because we've done what Jesus has asked of us in our time of waiting. So my challenge to you.
is to read Acts 111 over and over again every day.
Three times in a day
For the next seven days,
Until you can remember that.
And hide it in your heart that the way Jesus left his disciples, he's going to return to his disciples.
Right?
And you're going to be in the right place at the right time.
To receive that blessing
Let's pray.
But God, I just thank you so much for allowing us to be in your presence right now, Lord, and that your Holy Spirit is with us, God, while we go out and witness and be witnesses for it.
for you, God, and we glorify you in every instance, God.
We thank you for this day, God, and we thank you for everything that you've done and everything that you're going to do. In Jesus' name, amen.
We say and pray.
Amen. And that's all I've got for today, guys. I love you all. I believe in you all.
Love, peace, and chicken grease.